# ApiRun

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**run_id** | **str** | Output. Unique Run ID. Generated by API server. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required input field. Name provided by user, or auto generated if Run is created by scheduled job. Not unique. | [optional] 
**storage_state** | [**ApiStorageState**](ApiStorageState.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Optional input field. Describing the purpose of the Run. | [optional] 
**pipeline_id** | **str** | The ID of the pipeline user uploaded before. | [optional] 
**pipeline_spec** | [**object**](.md) | The pipeline spec. | [optional] 
**runtime_config** | [**ApiRuntimeConfig**](ApiRuntimeConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_account** | **str** | Optional input field. Specifies which Kubernetes service account this run uses. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | Output. The time the run was created. | [optional] 
**scheduled_at** | **datetime** | Output. When this run is scheduled to run. This could be different from created_at. For example, if a run is from a backfilling job that was supposed to run 2 month ago, the scheduled_at is 2 month ago, v.s. created_at is the current time. | [optional] 
**finished_at** | **datetime** | Output. The time this run is finished. | [optional] 
**state** | [**ApiRuntimeState**](ApiRuntimeState.md) |  | [optional] 
**error** | [**ApiError**](ApiError.md) |  | [optional] 
**namespace** | **str** | Namespace this run belongs to. | [optional] 
**experiment_id** | **str** | Id of the experiment this run belongs to. | [optional] 
**runtime_details** | [**ApiRuntimeDetails**](ApiRuntimeDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**state_history** | [**list[ApiRuntimeStatus]**](ApiRuntimeStatus.md) | Output. A list of Run statuses. This field keeps a record of status evolving over time. Being discussed. Planned as a P1 feature. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


